Good afternoon
Good evening, I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, where will you
support the special operation from? Yes, how
strongly one hundred percent And from
Crimea, I usually ask where Crimea
is from.
I mean it’s fake or really
like you had information more reliable than not a fact,
look now, but I don’t believe
anyone like that I’m watching, I see a video,
you even understand it as a jinka But you are one of the first
that Simferopol was there in military
units
Where do you say the video is  Dzhankoe You
know that Dzhankoy
Yes, you saw a station like that. Okay,
look in Simferopol, something was
interesting to me. You, as a witness, can tell me the
truth.
Simferopol, or some kind of arrivals, or there
weren’t, well, tell me the case.
I don’t remember, it’s just a
linden to Simferopol, something was arriving
, everything was not calm.
That’s what you think, look at
Kherson, this is the same Russian
city  d like Simferopol, according to the Constitution, yes,
I don’t know, I didn’t read the Constitution, stop, it’s important
in the Constitution, they once took captured
Crimea, they accepted it and also Kherson itself
accepted Yes, the composition of the Russian Federation
said that in Crimea that Russia is here
forever and Kherson they said that Russia is
here forever But it turned out that  Kherson
has already refused to go to his native harbor And here is the
question: And if this happens to Crimea,
how will you relate to this
Kherson, see Crimea is a strategic
point on the Black Sea
Why Crimea was not given away, you know
I don’t say why if Kherson is also a
strategic point ledge to
capture Odessa  the coast, but they gave it away And if
it happens that for some reason they
also leave Crimea,
you know how many flights of Russian blood in Crimea
you don’t care at all, you don’t care at all
How many French English Turkish cemeteries in Crimea
were
[music]
Now you specifically Now if now
here are yours  actions
Your actions I heard so much today
in the evening These are the fantasies  your
Ukrainian Well, why fantasies, look
if we talked with a person 10 minutes ago,
I don’t even remember where the
screenshot was taken
when they enter Crimea,
my photo will be hung on a billboard at the
entrance to Crimea
you know what to hang pictures there.
Look, everyone tells me. How are you
going to take Kherson? I don’t know if I’m
not a military man.
can you tell me which
Crimea you will take Well, you’re sitting here smart Well,
look along the way, another blogger campaign,
most likely 90 percent of
you are filming
me  You are straight illustration watching the
speed in almost a month already b  a year will go by, how will it be? Yes, so that at the beginning of your year ago someone would tell that you won’t break into the Crimea, everything is barricaded here, so everyone thought some kind of sick person And now, that is, you don’t say how you will capture Kyiv, you prove to me how you are you will defend the Crimea You understand the absurdity of the second army of the world The great power says that everything is mined there, come on, the isthmus has replaced everything yourself, it seems to you that let’s go without emotions without these smiles to one more question, I just illusory asked how you are going to take the Crimea second question How you are going to cross the Dnieper You know Not every bird will fly to the middle of the Dnieper I heard such a poem I understand it turns out you are saying that you are going from Kherson as we want to say to get to the left bank of Ukraine Yes, on the left bank part I am not a military line, but I taught a little geography at school It seems to me that now we have a huge number of troops and regions on the left bank of the Dnieper
why do you have a large region in the Donetsk region what do you have in Dnipropetrovsk this is all Left Bank This is the Left Bank That is, you won’t go as a person, I don’t know, I won’t go Zaluzhny, but it seems to me that’s how I would do it on my let’s say cotton mind so I would go to Melitopol and all this crap of yours that sits there under Kherson will run away by itself because the cauldron they run to the Crimea now our boys will mine all these two isthmuses we need to run into the Crimea otherwise they now dominate we will not be able to run into the Crimea you understand, look Why run to the Crimea if the Crimea and damn you can break it right, they told me two kilometers Just [ __ ], I think it would be cool, that is, the military seems to be trapped right Why run to the Crimea Why not immediately run to Rostov because the Russian army has she has a tradition of running away. She first runs and then finds an excuse why she ran away from Kyiv, then she found this prekvarnyachok, she ran away from Kharkov, then this
oh, regrouping, yes, they fled from near Kherson, then Well, it was there that they wanted to blow up the dam near [ __ ], but we didn’t need Kherson at all, that is, the Russian army has a military tradition, first they reel up the swings and then they sit at the headquarters, they think how to star, why they did it, therefore we should not think why the Russian army will run away she will run away we have already seen she ran away from the sketch region of Chernihiv Zhytomyr Sumy ran away from Nikolaev ran away from Kharkov ran away from Kherson I immediately see a kindred soul that you know how the wedding of Malinovka they have in short such a cap there the power changes like an optipa interesting Yes, why would Russians run away Russians fled from the Kyiv region Zhytomyr Chernihiv Sumy Kharkiv from Nikolaevskaya from the snake island they ran away and were even discouraged until some such special troops up underwater and will also run away d  other places But it’s logical
Donetsk even the region,
they even from the Donetsk region accepted
part of the estuary Liman accepted into the
Russian Federation and fled from it,
it’s just In short, the topic is now being
renamed in Melitopol, they are
renaming the streets A to
Sovietsky, they will run and run away,
and you have krill  they took Melitopol [ __ ] with
these
communist street names
ha ha ha